Add disclaimer about complexity of installing and operating Gitpod in Self-Hosted Section (#2598)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/self-hosted/latest/index.md

## Prerequisites to Install Gitpod Self-Hosted

> > **Note:** You should think of Gitpod more as an infrastructure tool than a simple Kubernetes application. Its deployment and scaling characteristics are closer to those of a build system than a single container application like a database.

Reviewer: Just a random alternative wording that I had in my mind while reading yours. It is certainly a matter of taste. Maybe you find inspiration in it. Maybe not. :grimacing: 

```suggestion
> **Note:** Gitpod is not just a simple Kubernetes application like a web shop app. It is more of an infrastructure tool that heavily makes use of Kubernetes internals to build and deploy images, control Kubernetes containers (the workspaces), etc. That's why it needs more rights in Kubernetes than simple web apps.
```
